feat: add C implementation for `stats/base/dists/betaprime/stdev` (#3461)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/stats/base/dists/betaprime/stdev/README.md

<!-- /.examples -->

<!-- C interface documentation. -->

* * *

<section class="c">

## C APIs

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- C usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

### Usage

```c
#include "stdlib/stats/base/dists/betaprime/stdev.h"
```

#### stdlib_base_dists_betaprime_stdev( alpha, beta )

> Returns the standard deviation of a betaprime distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the standard deviation of a beta prime distribution.
```

```c
double out = stdlib_base_dists_betaprime_stdev( 1.0, 3.0 );
// returns ~0.866
```

The function accepts the following arguments:

-   **alpha**: `[in] double` first shape parameter.
-   **beta**: `[in] double` second shape parameter.

```c
double stdlib_base_dists_betaprime_stdev( const double alpha, const double beta );
```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<!-- C API usage notes. Make sure to keep an empty line after the `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="notes">

</section>

<!-- /.notes -->

<!-- C API usage examples. -->

<section class="examples">

### Examples

```c
#include "stdlib/stats/base/dists/betaprime/stdev.h"
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <stdio.h>

> 
> int main( void ) {
>     double alpha;
>     double beta;
>     double y;
>     int i;
> 
>     static double random_uniform( const double min, const double max ) {
>         double v = (double)rand() / ( (double)RAND_MAX + 1.0 );
>         return min + ( v * ( max - min ) );
>     }
> 
>     for ( i = 0; i < 25; i++ ) {
>         alpha = random_uniform( 0, 20 );
>         beta = random_uniform( 0, 20 ) + 2.0;
>         y = stdlib_base_dists_betaprime_stdev( alpha, beta );
>         printf( "α: %lf, β: %lf, SD(X;α,β): %lf\n", alpha, beta, y );
>     }
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion

static double random_uniform( const double min, const double max ) {
    double v = (double)rand() / ( (double)RAND_MAX + 1.0 );
    return min + ( v * ( max - min ) );
}

int main( void ) {
    double alpha;
    double beta;
    double y;
    int i;

    for ( i = 0; i < 25; i++ ) {
        alpha = random_uniform( 0, 20 );
        beta = random_uniform( 0, 20 ) + 2.0;
        y = stdlib_base_dists_betaprime_stdev( alpha, beta );
        printf( "α: %lf, β: %lf, SD(X;α,β): %lf\n", alpha, beta, y );
    }
}
```

<!-- /.examples -->

<!-- C interface documentation. -->

* * *

<section class="c">

## C APIs

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- C usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

### Usage

```c
#include "stdlib/stats/base/dists/betaprime/stdev.h"
```

#### stdlib_base_dists_betaprime_stdev( alpha, beta )

Returns the standard deviation of a betaprime distribution.

```c
double out = stdlib_base_dists_betaprime_stdev( 1.0, 3.0 );
// returns ~0.866
```

The function accepts the following arguments:

> -   **alpha**: `[in] double` first shape parameter

Reviewer 2: @aayush0325 Please see https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/pull/3354. Descriptions should end with periods.

-   **beta**: `[in] double` second shape parameter

```c
double stdlib_base_dists_betaprime_stdev( const double alpha, const double beta );
```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<!-- C API usage notes. Make sure to keep an empty line after the `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="notes">

</section>

<!-- /.notes -->

<!-- C API usage examples. -->

<section class="examples">

### Examples

```c
#include "stdlib/stats/base/dists/betaprime/stdev.h"
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <stdio.h>

int main( void ) {
    double alpha;
    double beta;
    double y;
    int i;

    for ( i = 0; i < 25; i++ ) {

>         alpha = ( (double)rand() / (double)RAND_MAX ) * 20.0;

Reviewer 2: See https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/pull/3354 for random value generation.
